##Final Project Report

Over the course of this semester, we created a full stack web application using Ruby on Rails for the backend and React for the frontend. The goal of our web app is to help sports fans keep up with the game results for their favorite teams. Users can login and follow teams from the NBA or the NFL. Once the team is followed, any game results for that team will be added to the weekly email for that user. 

Our website has 4 pages. The hero page is meant to provide a short introduction to the website, inviting people to sign up. It has a short summary, about us, user quotes, and FAQ. The authentication page allows users to toggle between login and signup, depending on which they need. The teams page allows users to select between the NFL and NBA leagues, and to follow the teams they want from each league. Finally, the profile page allows users to edit their names, emails, passwords, and the teams they follow. The website uses a dark grey/black and light yellow color scheme, and buttons slightly darken on hover. There are also some famous images from the NFL and NBA in the background. The color scheme and design is meant to feel smooth and related to sports, catering to the audience. We also believe the flow and ordering of the pages is logical. If we were to improve something related to the design, it would probably be the animation of the FAQ. 

Outside of Rails and React, we also used a third party API. Integration with this API was not difficult. We only had to create a few services that called the function and formatted the data for our purposes. However, we did struggle when integrating SMTP. We are still not sure what the error with that is. 

As we built the website, it was important to communicate clearly. We tried to split up tasks depending on how busy we were each week, and we didn’t set any hard deadlines. While this did lead to many things being submitted late, I think we did a good job of finishing everything before the end of the semester. 

Our three goals were to be able to fetch data, to be personalized for each user, and to be able to send automated users. We completely delivered on the first two goals, and partially delivered on the last goal. We are able to send emails from our local machines, but for some reason the SMTP won’t work on the VM. Our VM also got quarantined. We think we completed all the Requirements as well, outside of the one involving the VM. Naturally, one feature we would like to implement in the future would be to make our site compatible with the VM or another deployment method, putting our website onto a public url with the SMTP working. We could also add more teams, and get more details per team. This would just be modifying the way we format our data in the emails. Finally, we could add complementary features such as a forgot login button or a frequency setting on the emails. 
